Caden, where's the medicine?
Alpha, I'm at the pharmacy now. I'll bring it back right away.
Alright, good.
Ryan, have you lost your mind?
How could you take her to the pack?
Something wrong?
Being wolfless and frail, she'll be your burden.
Enough! I'm an Alpha. I won't let that happen.
Kid, you're coming around.
What happened to me?
You haven't been to many cars, have you?
Motion sickness.
Alpha, Ryan, there's something I need to talk to you about.
Just Ryan.
Okay. The truth is, I never planned on joining your back.
I just wanted to make Alpha Logan back off, so once I'm feeling better, I'll be gone for good.
Why?
Because I don't have a wolf.
Alpha Logan's always telling me how much of a burden I am.
And if I join your pack, I'm not going to be any help.
No. That's not true.
You're smart, brave.
You have a green thumb.
In my eyes, you're a tough girl.
I am.
Of course.
Kid, my pack needs you.
I need you.
I've ever kissed a guy before.
Alpha, I got home.
Oh, man, I didn't see anything, but I got the medicine.
Alright.
Good job.
Get him there.
What is wrong with me?
Just face reality.
He's way out of my league.
Get the wolf and leave his pack.
That's the deal.
Sorry, I don't know what happened.
Here.
Get some rest.
Alpha.
Hey, are we hitting the road tomorrow morning?
If so, I'll sort out your schedules by a minute.
I got you.
Now, she's two weeks take the journey.
Set out in two days.
Alpha.
You're in trouble?
What's wrong?
You're in love.
I mean, you don't even care about your work anymore.
You know, the attraction between you and Miss Avery, it's one of a mate bond.
Well, sadly, she's not my mate.
Yeah.
You know, she's much better than your mate.
You should tell your feelings.
I still haven't cut ties with that woman.
It'll be unfair to Avery if I told her how I felt.
It's been a whole day.
My mate should be all settled in.
I'm not ready yet.
I see what you're planning.
I'm warning you.
You have three days.
Name a time and place.
You got it!
Sorry, sorry.
Wait, is she really my mate?
Can I help you?
Sorry, I should have knocked.
It's okay.
No sound.
Damn it.
Got it wrong.
I was thinking about having you over for dinner.
Okay, you can turn around and...
just...
Why are you in clothes?
Well, they're the best I have.
Caden, do you have them ready?
Yeah.
Give me a dress.
Do you want them at now?
Yeah, bring them.
Okay.
They're beautiful.
Did you clean out a princess's closet?
They're all yours?
Really?
I hear every girl dreams of being a princess.
I hope you like them.
I mean, yeah, but...
I'm not princess material.
I'm just a woofless Omega.
Caden, in my eyes, you are a princess.
Okay, I'll try mine.
Really charming.
Snap out of it, Avery.
You're gonna find your own path someday.
Oh, do I look?
I'm God.
You look like one of those Disney princesses.
Ryan, what do you think?
Oh, man, our boy is smitten.
You really do look like a princess.
But when'd you get such a honey tongue?
Would you have somewhere to be?
No, man.
I'm looking forward to more of the fashion show.
Too little to work, I guess.
Classic.
All right.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
No, no, it's not that.
I've never done this before.
Why don't you go get some rest?
I'll check on you tomorrow.
I almost lost control there.
Stick to the plan.
Get a wolf and leave.
It does seem like there's some kind of people in this world after all.
I mean, he's nice, handsome, gentle.
I thought there'd be someone that would care about me.
Make me flutter.
Can you believe it?
Alpha Ryan has brought a girl back for the first time.
This house is only meant for Luna's.
Is Alpha Ryan planning to let her live here?
Is she our new Luna?
What's up?
Did you hear what they said?
Yeah.
I think they're right.
Don't worry about them.
Seems her wolf hasn't awakened.
The Alpha doesn't even care.
He's be serious.
A top Alpha with a wolfless Luna.
That's actually getting cute.
I've got their daughter wolf.
Oops.
I'll get you some more.
Get all settled in.
Have a good rest.
Take you for a wellness check tomorrow.
You figure out why your wolf hasn't woken up yet.
It's okay.
They didn't mean it.
And I don't care.
I care about you, kid.
I've been cultivating this for years.
Its blossoms are supposed to help you find your wolf spirit.
It's beautiful.
I'll help you in any way I can.
I'm gonna get some work done.
I'll take you to the hospital tomorrow.
And I'll have some supplies set up.
You gotta find more men?
I smell a lover, boy, and I'm out.
Oh look, it's that Alpha.
Hey, what's up, man?
So, the pack's been abuzz about Miss Avery being your Luna.
Is there a problem with that?
Not with me.
But for your faded mate?
Yeah, maybe.
Alpha.
You got this, man.
Even though there's no moon grass, I have other herbs that can help out the pack.
It's time to pitch in, Avery.
Twelve p.m.
I can't believe the moon goddess set me up with such a ruthless mate.
Can't bring trouble to Ryan's pack, Avery.
I got a separate spot.
That's near the hospital.
This one's good for energy.
And this one's good for hair.
Kid, what are you doing?
We're off to the hospital.
I'm almost done.
What's this?
Which one?
It's okay, it's just a scrape.
No, that was poison.
But you're okay now.
Let's go to the hospital.
Yeah, okay.
Avery Blake?
It is Avery Blake here.
Someone has the same given name as me.
Miss Blake?
Here, sorry.
I was just setting up a patient account.
All right.
Thank you.
Listen, Silver Street is your home now.
I have got a family name.
You're no longer alone.
Avery Blake.
But Blake is your surname.
My wife will, of course, take my surname.
Why?
Sooner or later, right?
Oh, my gosh.
I'm falling in love with this name.
Ryan Blake, as I live and breathe, my apologies for forgetting about the surname.
Silver Street is going to have a Luna.
Dr. John?
What's wrong?
Alpha, it's a little complicated.
May we have a moment?
Is there a problem with Avery?
She's fine.
But you're going to have a big problem.
What's going on?
Miss Blake's two weeks.
But as we all know, our spiritual power grows when our mate is around.
She hasn't found her wolf yet.
So that makes finding a mate for her difficult.
I'm sure she's suffered a lot because of this.
Alpha, do you understand what I'm trying to say?
What?
It'll be over between you and Miss Blake
if she finds her mate.
Right on time.
Ryan's going to get nervous if we notice this on my scene.
What do I do?
She needs to meet un-mated werewolves in order to find her mate.
If you're willing to help.
Enough!
This is why I tried to tell you you're going to have a big problem.
Miss Blake's not your mate after all.
So what do I do?
There must be some other way.
Leave your message after the film.
What is wrong with you?
You're the one who wants to cut the bond.
Just say, I love me.
It's been so long.
Kitten, where have you been?
Are you okay?
I can't tell Ryan about the mate thing.
He won't understand.
Yeah, I just got stuffy so I went out for some fresh air.
How are the results?
Um, you're fine.
Here, let's go home.
We need some rest.
Bullshit!
He actually wants me to find her a mate.
But she doesn't have a wolf yet.
So, I mean, it's impossible for her to find a mate, right?
Dr. Johnson, those he-wolves dip their hands in this powder and then shake hands with kitten.
It's supposed to strengthen their mate finding sensibility.
Wonderful.
I mean, think about how many guys she's going to have to shake hands with.
What if they take advantage of them?
No, get yourself together, man.
You're the alpha.
You can control their fates.
It won't work.
What if she can't resist her mate?
I can't believe you're so crazy about a girl.
But it is tricky, though.
Ordinary wolves can't resist the pull of their mate.
Kitten.
Are you awake?
I should have told you, but there actually is a way your wolf can be awakened.
It's just...Kitten?
Kitten.
What happened to you?
A fever.
Your wolf's not awakened yet.
His fever could kill you to transfer my health energy to you.
Kitten.
I'm sorry.
I have to do this.
Forgive me.
Let the shaman divine off her hair.
It might tell us something about her mate.
Alpha, are you sure about this?
You finally have a heartbeat now because of her.
She's too frail to fight off the illness on her own.
Okay.
Ryan, you've made the right choice.
The mates are bound to be together.
And you should go find our mate as well.
Vic, just give it a rest.
I'll never fall in love again.
I'm severing the bomb with her tomorrow.
I think I have feelings for you.
Only you are my mate.
Results from the examination have come in.
The doctor said there's a medicine that will help you recover.
We'll start taking you in for regular check-outs.
It's already now.
They're waiting for Miss Avery.
What's going on?
Get dressed and come downstairs.
Time to meet some new friends in the pack.
You friends?
Why are they all he-wolves?
Oh, that's because everyone else was busy.
Yeah, busy.
We'll go ahead.
Shake everyone's hands.
Get to know each other.
I'm Avery.
The shaman said that Miss Avery's mate will have
in a bunch of single dark-haired he-wolves
if we don't find them just fighting the search.
However, you have dark...
I mean, what is a shaman now?
What is a shaman?
You know what I'm supposed to do today?
It's a bad day.
As she found in her, I gotta tell an alpha.
That...
What the hell is she doing?
Petty revenge?
I'm in her trouble.
Except my kitten.
Is she doing this on purpose?
You smell like moon grass.
Can you take me to where you get it?
It's really important to me.
I smell the same on you.
Of course.
I-I can take you to find them now.
Okay.
It's Ryan.
He's really busy.
Devious woman.
Answer my calls.
Hey!
I'm gonna answer my calls, bro.
Follow me, okay?
Come on.
We gotta go.
Your phone works.
Okay.
Brother.
No way they've got enough to...
Mate.
Yeah, here's the garden.
I have like 15 different herbs here.
There's a moon grass.
Moon grass!
Thank you, Keys.
I'll definitely be able to wake up my wolf spirit with this.
Alpha's out there looking for your mate.
Your wolf will be awakened by that.
Right?
He didn't tell me that.
Stupid Ryan.
Kisses me and sends me off with another man.
I'll, uh, I'll take this one.
Thank you.
You finally got a smile.
I'm fine.
Thank you.
How about...
Zina?
Do you like the name for the baby?
It's beautiful.
I'll take good care of her.
Please do, though.
A lot of work to come by.
Zina?
They already picked that in the name for their future baby.
Shit.
Are we too late?
Okay.
Ryan, what's wrong with you?
No, what the hell?
Kids want me back, man?
You forget what I tell you, man.
Come on.
I don't care if you're her mate or whatever.
Your job is to stay by her side and enhance her spirit.
As for the child, I will raise it.
Child?
What child?
Zina.
Alpha.
Zina is the puppy doll.
And I'm not Miss Blake's mate.
We just happen to like studying herbs.
Ooh, that's weird.
Yo, let's get you out of here, man.
Sorry, bro.
You're good, man.
Are you happy?
People are watching.
Which one do you want?
I'm trying to get the big one all day, but...
I mean...
Here.
Let me teach you how.
What are you looking at me for?
Focus.
Just kiss.
Thanks, Ryan.
I honestly never had a day like that before.
Kitten, you deserve it.
Marcus.
Zina.
Play nice.
Kitten.
Do you like Keith?
I like you.
Thank you.